High in this video we're going to continue looking at these star expressions and function parameters.
Now just recall from our discussions prior on unpacking it for bowls we can unpack it probles this way.
So for example let's say we want to take a b and c and we can compact this tuple over here.
Let's say 10 20 A and B.
And so we'll get that A's 10 B is 20 and C will be the list containing the characters A and B the two
strings A and B.
So that's how it works with probles.
Now it works the same way with functions for keys that a very similar way with functions.
We can go ahead and define a function and we'll set up with say the positional parameters.
I can type the stylus and then that last style C which is going to behave basically in the same way.
And we're just going to print a current B and print C.
So this now basically allows us to call func one with two or more parameters.
If we call func one with just two parameters let's say 10 and 20 then we'll see that was 10 B was 20
and c was just nothing.
So it's an empty couple and it does return to topple not a list.
That's the one kind of difference that we have with the inferable unpacking.
But it's perfectly fine not to have extra parameters.
So these basically are just optional parameters and we can have as many as we want.
So we can in fact go from one with 10 comma 20 comma.
Let's do one come to come at three to six and then you'll see that again A's 10 B is 20 and then C is
the tuple.
1 two 3.
So let's call the star thing works and functions.
Now typically we don't use C a very common convention is to use start things and so here we would use
our arms as the parameter name.
But it works the same way as you can see I executed those and the same results came back.
So that's more of a convention than anything else.
But if you happen to see Star Ogston functions that's all it is.
Right.
It just allows us to pack an arbitrary number of variables into our arguments into a single tapu that's
available inside the function.
So how might we use that.
Well let's say that we want to write a function that could calculate the average of all the parameters
that are passed in.
But obviously we want this function to be able to handle an arbitrary number of parameters.
So we do that using this stuff.
In fact let's go ahead and create close function and we're not going to have any positional arguments
parameters we're just going to have that single one cool storms and we're going to initially just turn
it up to see what happens when we call it fall if we call average with nothing.
We end up with being an empty couple if we call A-V with anything and then that 10 and 20 will be inside
that is tapu right.
So that's how we're going to recover the values of the arguments that are being used when the function
is called Inside the function.
We're just going to look at the values that are inside the table called arms.
So go ahead and change that up now.
And it's actually do our calculations.
So we're going to need to find the count.
So the count is just going to be the number of variables right the number of arguments that were passed
in which is going to be the length of the top and the total is just going to be the sum of all the elements
inside the tunnel so that we can use the built in part on function calls some and some will accept you
know a top or a list.
So in this case it's going to be a tough call and we're just going to give it and tell it to calculate
the sum and then what's the average is the total divided by the count.
So here we would just return total divided by count 10 and if we call average let's say two comet to
come 404 I'm doing this on purpose because as we can see the average here should be three quite easy
enough to see and in fact that's what we get the averages three day.
This works well not quite because now there's a little caveat here one Farkle avi with nothing while
we get a zero division there which makes sense.
Right.
Because how many numbers are in that topple is zero.
So the count is zero the total is also zero.
And we're trying to divide zero by zero which is undefined.
We have a zero division error.
So we need to fix that.
So let's see there's a few ways we can fix that.
One of the simplest ways is basically to use an if statement and to say if count is greater than zero
lower count does that say equal to zero.
We're going to return zero.
Else we're going to return total Ludivine of my count right.
Sort of the count of zero will return zero and otherwise we'll calculate total divided by count and
we turn left.
So that will certainly work.
We call average with nothing.
We get zero back if we call average with 2 to 4 4.
Then we get an average of three back.
So that's working OK.
Now is a slightly better way of doing it.
Or maybe not better but it's an alternative way certainly.
And it comes down to eliminating that if statement.
You remember the whole thing with short circuiting and the billions Well we can write it this way.
So let's remove this and we're really what we want to do is we don't want this if else statement there's
a way that we can do that much easier using the short circuited.
And remember that we're going to return count and total divided by count if we do that.
Remember what happens if count is zero.
It's false.
If it's false see false and anything is going to be false.
So why fumble Schultz look at this and return false.
What's actually going to return count right going to return 0 which is what we want.
Otherwise it's going to go ahead and return this total divided by count.
Right so that's how the Boullion and walks in Python remember it returns one or the other.
So let's try that off.
Go on if we try with two to four and four.
Again we get an average of three parts.
If we call it with no parameters we get our value of zero.
So we can also do it this way the last way in which we may want to fix this is to say no no user whoever
you are calling this function.
E.g. you must specify at least one parameter and we can force it.
We can force it this way.
Now I'm going to take that again and I'm going to say a comet.
In other words this function will require at least one positional parameter and then an arbitrary number
of additional positional parameters.
So now I have that now my count is no longer length of its length of plus one because we're requiring
at least one positional parameter and our total is not just the sum of arms that some of the clocks.
And now we can return total given by count.
Now we don't have to worry about the count being 0 because we are forcing this function to have at least
one band.
So now we can try it out.
We can do two to four four.
That works the same way.
And if we try Coale average we will get an error but it's on a division by zero error.
This is a different kind of error.
It's basically saying something hey average is missing one required positional arguments.
Right.
So it's saying no you can't call it this way.
So that's just another way of getting around that problem will be addressing that problem.
So why would you want to do it kind of depends also on the use case sometimes you want to return an
average of zero and sometimes you don't.
You actually want to have an error but it's better than having a zero division here that looks like
you know you didn't think of it and you didn't handle the potential except the last thing that I want
to look at is how we can unpack and interval into positional arguments so let's look again at another
function that's called Death funk one let's define it as something with a comedy.
Come see we don't need this stuff.
See here to illustrate this and all we're going to do is just print a print B and cringe see that you
go.
All right.
So we're going to have three parameters a b and c and let's say we have this list over here let's say
10 20 and 30.
And what we want to do is we want to pass those values 10 20 30 to phunk 1.
Now if we try and call phunk 1 and just give it the list thinking it's a list that's going to unpackaged
right it's going to unpack it into a b and c because that's what it's doing but Lovat doesn't work right.
It looks awkward unpacking when we're calling the function with arguments but it's not really unpacking
it just works very similarly.
What happens here is that it's the function is saying no no no no Python is saying no you can't do that.
I'm expecting three parameters because I could do this right.
It doesn't know that it has to unpack L into a b and c what if I meant to call ell with let's say a
and b.
Right.
That will work just fine and a Over here will be the list 10 20 30 and then B will be will be will be
A and C will b b.
It's all confusing maybe I should have used something else maybe I can use X and Y.
Right.
So a was 10 20 30 B is X and C is y.
So that's what it's doing.
So it doesn't know that you know if we just pass L.
It's going to complain saying no I expected three archivers you only give me one because in fact L is
only a single object.
So what we can do is we can actually unpack all right here.
And when we do that we live unpack all into its three elements and it got thrown into a b and c as we
see here.
Now of course you know let's say you do this right and then we call it.
Well that's going to be a problem because we have four elements in the list.
We unpack four elements and sent that over to funk one which only accepts three right.
So that won't work.
Now if you want to be able to do something like that maybe we do a star on in here.
Right.
And so we'll say well we'll do a b c and style arms and we'll print.
So we can do that and I'll add maybe a couple more here just to make it clearer so we can just trust
our arms in here and now when we define our list of 10 20 30 and then 2 extra arguments it's going to
get passed into.
So if we run this run this and now run that sorry when you run the function with func 1 calling using
L math course we can just use L we have to unpack it first we indeed get what we expect a 10 B is 20
C as thoroughly and as is the remaining elements that were in that list.
So again just the way you can use unpacking Now this is actual iterable unpacking here that is getting
passed into then foamboard.
All right.
So thanks for watching and I'll see the next video.